Add tips for good applications (#2455)
w3f/Grants-Program: docs/help.md

  - whether feedback about the project has been collected from the community, target audience and/or potential investors,
  - what the status of the project is going into the grant and what its status will be afterwards (i.e. what your plans beyond the grant are), and
  - what your motivation to build _and maintain_ the project is.
- Take the time to read our **supplementary material**, such as our [guidelines](https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Introduction/intro), [FAQs](https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/faq) and [guidelines for popular grant categories](https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Support%20Docs/grant_guidelines_per_category) to understand what we're looking for.
- Be liberal in the description of your broader vision, but be specific about how you plan to achieve your goals and which parts will be covered by the grant.
- The more information you can provide in the application, the better. The grant application "only" needs to contain all information required to define the grant, but we are happy to also take supporting documents into account during the evaluation, such as whitepapers, academic papers or presentations.

> - Collect feedback from your target audience. The more you can show that you made an effort to confirm market fit and verification of your approach (do people in the ecosystem agree? How is this problem solved in other ecosystems?), the easier our job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collect feedback from your target audience. The more you can demonstrate that you made an effort to confirm market fit and verification of your approach (do people in the ecosystem agree? How is this problem solved in other ecosystems?), the easier our job becomes.
```
